1Action & adventure
	Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts 1 and 2
		618, 
		J K Rowling, Jack Thorne, John Tiffany
		
		Based on an original new story by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne and John Tiffany, a new play by Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is the eighth story in the Harry Potter series and the first official Harry Potter story to be presented on stage. The play will receive its world premiere in London's West End on 30th July 2016.
		It was always difficult being Harry Potter and it isn't much easier now that he is an overworked employee of the Ministry of Magic, a husband, and father of three school-age children.
		While Harry grapples with a past that refuses to stay where it belongs, his youngest son Albus must struggle with the weight of a family legacy he never wanted. As past and present fuse ominously, both father and son learn the uncomfortable truth: sometimes, darkness comes from unexpected places
	
	
	The time machine
		850
		Herbert George Wells
		
		The Time Traveller, a dreamer obsessed with traveling through time, builds himself a time machine and, much to his surprise, travels over 800,000 years into the future. He lands in the year 802701: the world has been transformed by a society living in apparent harmony and bliss, but as the Traveler stays in the future he discovers a hidden barbaric and depraved subterranean class. Wells's transparent commentary on the capitalist society was an instant bestseller and launched the time-travel genre.
		The Time Machine inspired the international bestseller The Map of Time by Félix J. Palma. As a gift to our readers, we are including the first three chapters of The Map of Time in this ebook edition.
	
	
	Angles and Demons
		267
		Dan Brown
		
		Angels and Demons was published on 28th August, 2010. It was the second bestseller written by the author, after The Da Vinci Code. The Da Vinci Code was more of treasure hunts and about things that fascinated Brown in his childhood. Angels and Demons is more about the unraveled truths and fights between religion and science and how it escalates into one big controversy. The secret brotherhood of the illuminati has always been a rival of the Catholic Church and now they are doing everything in their capability to destroy the Catholic Church. Robert Langdon is a world renowned symbologist from Harvard and is called upon the orders of the Swiss research facility to examine an anonymous symbol. This symbol was found carved on the chest of a physicist who was murdered. With all the clues gathered, he discovers that it could have been the work of the illuminati. They are the most influential underground organization ever to have walked the earth. On the eve of the Vatican's gathering, a messenger of the illuminati declares that they are going to blow up Vatican City as they have planted a bomb at the center of the city. With very less time in hand, Langdon rushes to Rome to try and stop the destruction. He and his partner Vittoria, an Italian scientist, set out to search through the deserted cathedrals, sealed crypts, catacombs and also the most secretive vault on planet earth. There are so many symbols involved that lead to the illuminati nest which was forgotten. Their quest to try and save the Vatican City is the most exciting crime story you can look for. This book is available in paperback.
	
	
	Reckless
		250
		Sidney Sheldon
		
		New York Times Bestselling Author
		Tracy Whitney - Sidney Sheldon’s most popular and enduring heroine - is back again in the sensational and gripping follow-up to Chasing Tomorrow.
		Once upon a time, Tracy Whitney was one of the best thieves in the business. Then she settled down, had a baby, and planned to spend the rest of her days quietly, living anonymously, devoted to her son. But tragic news has forced Tracy to face her greatest nightmare. Now, with nothing left to protect, she returns to the hunt—and she’s more dangerous than ever.
		Tracy is not the only woman with a dark and dangerous past. The world faces a new terror threat from a group of global hackers intent on the collapse of capitalism and private wealth and the creation of a new world order. When this group turn to violence, with deadly effect, the mysterious woman pulling their strings becomes the CIA’s public enemy number one.
		Only one clever and ruthless woman is capable of tracking down the terrorist: Tracy. But as Tracy discovers, the truth proves as elusive as her target. Hampered by corruption and enemies masked as allies, Tracy will be pushed to the brink, where she must face her darkest demons. But just how reckless will a person become when she have nothing left to lose?

		
2 Litarature And Fiction
	The Three Musketeers
		1294
		Alxedre Dumas
		
		When d’Artagnan goes to Paris to become a Musketeer, he embarks on a swashbuckling adventure with the legendary Porthos, Athos, and Aramis. If they wish to trump the nefarious Cardinal Richelieu, it’s got to be “all for one, one for all.”
	
	
	A Tale of two Cities
		Charles Dickens
		295
		
		Novel by Charles Dickens, published both serially and in book form in 1859. The story is set in the late 18th century against the background of the French Revolution. Although Dickens borrowed from Thomas Carlyle's history, The French Revolution, for his sprawling tale of London and revolutionary Paris, the novel offers more drama than accuracy. The scenes of large-scale mob violence are especially vivid, if superficial in historical understanding. The complex plot involves Sydney Carton's sacrifice of his own life on behalf of his friends Charles Darnay and Lucie Manette. While political events drive the story, Dickens takes a decidedly antipolitical tone, lambasting both aristocratic tyranny and revolutionary excess--the latter memorably caricatured in Madame Defarge, who knits beside the guillotine. The book is perhaps best known for its opening lines, "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times," and for Carton's last speech, in which he says of his replacing Darnay in a prison cell, "It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to, than I have ever known." -- The Merriam-Webster Encyclopedia of Literature
		
		
	The Alchemist
		Paulo Coelho
		149
		
		The protagonist of The Alchemist is a young Andalusian shepherd who lives in Spain. He begins his journey to Egypt when he is chased by his frequent dreams of a mysterious child who coaxes him to look for treasure buried at the base of the Egyptian pyramids. He comes across Melchizedek, the king of Salem during his journey to Egypt. Santiago is enlightened by him to the concept of a 'Personal Legend' or a quest that would help him realize the core and depth of the desires buried in his heart. He meets an aspiring alchemist and a beautiful young woman en route. He also meets an alchemist who accompanies him in his expedition to enlighten him with his profound wisdom and knowledge. Through this journey he discovers the truths regarding why the treasure evades him each time. The Alchemist is a journey of wisdom, self-discovery and philosophy and finding your own 'Personal Legend' against the comparatively invaluable material possessions
	
	
	Scion of Ikshvaku
		Amish Ttipathi
		157
		
		Ram Rajya. The Perfect Land.But perfection has a price. He paid that price.

		3400 BCE. INDIA
		Ayodhya is weakened by divisions. A terrible war has taken its toll. The damage runs deep. The demon King of Lanka, Raavan, does not impose his rule on the defeated. He, instead, imposes his trade. Money is sucked out of the empire. The Sapt Sindhu people descend into poverty, despondency and corruption. They cry for a leader to lead them out of the morass. Little do they appreciate that the leader is among them. One whom they know. A tortured and ostracised prince. A prince they tried to break. A prince called Ram.
		He loves his country, even when his countrymen torment him. He stands alone for the law. His band of brothers, his Sita, and he, against the darkness of chaos.
		Will Ram rise above the taint that others heap on him? Will his love for Sita sustain him through his struggle? Will he defeat the demon Lord Raavan who destroyed his childhood? Will he fulfil the destiny of the Vishnu?
		Begin an epic journey with Amish’s latest: the Ram Chandra Series.

		
3 Biographies
	Wings of Fire
		A.P.J Abdul Kalam
		162
		
		Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam, the son of a little-educated boat-owner in Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, had an unparalleled career as a defence scientist, culminating in the highest civilian award of India, the Bharat Ratna. As chief of the country’s defence research and development programme, Kalam demonstrated the great potential for dynamism and innovation that existed in seemingly moribund research establishments. This is the story of Kalam’s rise from obscurity and his personal and professional struggles, as well as the story of Agni, Prithvi, Akash, Trishul and Nag-missiles that have become household names in India and that have raised the nation to the level of a missile power of international reckoning. This is also the saga of independent India’s struggle for technological self-sufficiency and defensive autonomy-a story as much about politics, domestic and international, as it is about science
	
	
	Nikola Tesla
		Sean Patrick
		615
		
		If you want to learn about one of history’s most fascinating minds and uncover some of his secrets of imagination—secrets that enabled him to invent machines light years ahead of his time and literally bring light to the world—then you want to read this book. 
		Imagination amplifies and colors every other element of genius, and unlocks our potential for understanding and ability. 
		It’s no coincidence that geniuses not only dare to dream of the impossible for their work, but do the same for their lives. They’re audacious enough to think that they’re not just ordinary players. 
		Few stories better illustrate this better than the life of the father of the modern world, a man of legendary imaginative power and wonder: Nikola Tesla. 
		In this book, you’ll be taken on a whirlwind journey through Tesla’s life and work, and not only learn about the successes and mistakes of one of history’s greatest inventors, but also how to look at the world in a different, more imaginative way. 
		Read this book now and learn lessons from Nikola Tesla on why imagination is so vital to awakening your inner genius, and insights into the real “secret” to creativity, as explained by people like Jobs, Picasso, Dali, and Twain.
	
	
	Mein Kampf: My Stuggle
		Adolf Hitlar
		139
		
		Mein Kampf ("My Struggle") is a political manifesto written by Adolf Hitler. It was his only complete book and became the bible of National Socialism in the German Third Reich. It was published in two volumes, which dated 1925 and 1927. By 1939 it had sold 5,200,000 copies and had been translated into 11 different languages. The first volume, entitled Die Abrechnung ("The Settlement of Accounts," or "Revenge"), was written in 1924 in the Bavarian fortress of Landsberg am Lech. Hitler was imprisoned there after the unsuccessful Beer Hall Putsch of 1923. It describes the world of Hitlers youth, the First World War and the betrayal of Germany in 1918. It also expresses Hitlers Racial ideology. According to Hitler, it was necessary for Germans to occupy themselves not merely with the breeding of cats, dogs and horses - but also care for the health and wellbeing of their own Bloodline. The second volume, entitled Die Nationalsozialistische Bewegung ("The National Socialist Movement"), was written after Hitlers release from prison in December 1924. It outlines the political program of National Socialism and includes the measures that National Socialism must pursue in both gaining power and in exercising it thereafter in the new German Reich. In this book Hitler describes an ideology which according to him must shake the world from its slumber. An ideology which is based on the Eternal Laws of Nature.
	
	
	My Brief History
		Stephen Hawking 
		199
		
		My Brief History is an autobiography by Stephen Hawking.
		My Brief History narrates Stephen Hawking's journey through life. It includes memories from his childhood in post-war London right until his years of worldwide praise and being a celebrity. This book is generously furnished with rarely seen photographs. This witty and concise account shows the readers a Hawking rarely known in his previous books. He was the inquisitive schoolboy whose classmates nicknamed him 'Einstein', the fun-loving man who placed a bet with a colleague over the possibility of a black hole and the young father and husband struggling to gain a grip in the academic world.
		Hawking discusses his unconventional childhood, his diagnosis with motor neurone disease when he was a 21 year old Ph.D. student, his ground-breaking work on quantum cosmology and his two marriages and the controversial circumstances surrounding their failing.
		My Brief History is the first that he wrote completely on his own, by means of a device that translates the movement of the cheek muscle under his eye, making it his most personal book to date

		
4 Information Technology
	Introduction to Algorithms
		1499
		Thomas H. Cormen and Charles Leiserson 
		
		This internationally acclaimed textbook provides a comprehensive introduction to the modern study of computer algorithms. It covers a broad range of algorithms in depth, yet makes their design and analysis accessible to all levels of readers. Each chapter is relatively self-contained and presents an algorithm, a design technique, an application area, or a related topic. The algorithms are described and designed in a manner to be readable by anyone who has done a little programming. The explanations have been kept elementary without sacrificing depth of coverage or mathematical rigor. The third edition has been revised and updated throughout. It includes two completely new chapters, on van Emde Boas trees and multithreaded algorithms, and substantial additions to the chapter on recurrences (now called Divide-and-Conquer ). It features improved treatment of dynamic programming and greedy algorithms and a new notion of edge-based flow in the material on flow networks. Many new exercises and problems have been added in this edition. The text is intended primarily for students studying algorithms or data structures. As it discusses engineering issues in algorithm design, as well as mathematical aspects, it is equally well suited for self-study by technical professionals.
	
	
	Operating Systems
		William Stallings
		2500
		
		Operating Systems: Internals and Design Principles provides a comprehensive and unified introduction to operating systems topics. Stallings emphasizes both design issues and fundamental principles in contemporary systems and gives readers a solid understanding of the key structures and mechanisms of operating systems. He discusses design trade-offs and the practical decisions affecting design, performance and security. The book illustrates and reinforces design concepts and ties them to real-world design choices through the use of case studies in UNIX and Windows
	
	
	C# 4.0 The Complete Refernece
		Herbert Schildt
		510
		
		Bestselling author Herb Schildt has updated and expanded his classic programming reference to cover C# 4.0--the latest release of this powerful, feature-rich language. Using carefully crafted explanations, insider tips, and hundreds of examples, C# 4.0: The Complete Reference offers in-depth details on all aspects of C#, including keywords, syntax, and core libraries. New C# 4.0 features, such as named and optional arguments, the dynamic type, expanded covariance and contravariance capabilities, and support for parallel programming with the Task Parallel Library (TPL) and PLINQ are also discussed.
		Perfect for beginners and professional C# programmers alike, this expert resource is written in the clear, crisp, uncompromising style that has made Herb the choice of millions worldwide. Begin mastering C# 4.0 today with help from this authoritative volume!
	
	
	Linux For Embedded and Real-Time Applications
		Doug Abbott
		2354
		
		This new edition of "Linux for Embedded and Real-Time Applications" provides a practical introduction to the basics and the latest developments in this rapidly evolving technology. Ideal for those new to using Linux in an embedded environment, it takes a hands-on approach and covers key concepts plus specific applications. Key features include: substantially updated to focus on a specific ARM-based single board computer (SBC) as a target for embedded application programming; and includes an introduction to Android programming

		
5 Children's and Young Adults


	The Jungle Book
		Rudyard Kipling
		894
		
		Adventures in the wild
		On a warm evening in the Seeonee hills, a family of wolves finds someone at the threshold of their cave–a human child, who knows nothing of the world of men. Adopted by Father Wolf, the man-cub Mowgli grows up with the pack in the Jungle. 
		Mowgli begins his journey and learns the law of the Jungle with the help of his new-found friends: Bagheera the wise Panther and lovable old Baloo. Together they face many dangers and adventures, as Mowgli comes face-to-face with Shere Khan the tiger and the Bandar-Log.
	
	
	A Cry of Honor
		Morgan Rice
		999
		
		A CRY OF HONOR is book #4 in the Bestselling series THE SORCERER'S RING, which begins with Book #1, A QUEST OF HEROES--a FREE download, with over 1,000 five star reviews! 
		In A CRY OF HONOR (Book #4 in the Sorcerer's Ring), Thor has returned from The Hundred as a hardened warrior, and now he must learn what it means to battle for his homeland, to battle for life and death. The McClouds have raided deep into MacGil territory—deeper than ever before in the history of the Ring—and as Thor rides into an ambush, it will fall on his head to fend off the attack and save King’s Court.
	
	
	Treasure Island
		Robert Louis Stevenson
		799
		
		Think of the high seas and of a buccaneer ship; of a wild seaman with a sea chest full of gold; of Long John Silver; of a buried treasure and of young Jim Hawkins, the boy with the treasure map the key to it all. 
		This is the Treasure Island and if you don't think of all this, the pirates will hunt you down and when they find you, for find you they sure will, they will truss you and carry you back to their ship and just before they feed you to the sharks, as you walk the gangplank with a sword digging sharp and sure into your back, they will sing their one last song for you.
	
	
	The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
		Mark Twain
		300
		
		The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn includes a chronology and list of further reading by Richard Maxwell. Samuel Langhorne Clemens (1835-1910) trained as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi river; 'Mark Twain', a phrase used on riverboats to indicate that the water is two fathoms deep, became the pseudonym by which he was best known. After the Civil War, Twain turned to journalism, publishing his first short story in 1865. Dubbed 'the father of American literature' by William Faulkner, Twain led a colourful life of travelling, bankruptcy and great literary success. If you enjoyed The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, you may like Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, also available in Penguin Classics. 'All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain called Huckleberry Finn ... There has been nothing as good since' Ernest Hemingway 'Huckleberry Finn, like other great works of imagination, can give to every reader whatever he is capable of taking from it' T.S. Eliot